kuchynalidla.sk scraper (#1037)
hhursev/recipe-scrapers: docs/how-to-develop-scraper.md

> $ python -m unittest -k <test_file_name>
> ```
> 
> where `test_file_name` is the name of the test data json file without the `.json` extension in `tests/test_data/` directory.

Reviewer: I'd probably recommend an alternative route here; the command-line argument isn't really a filename, so how about:

```suggestion
$ python -m unittest -k <ClassName.lower()>

Where `ClassName` is the name that you used earlier to generate the scraper.
```

Author: Good suggestion. While my arephrasing was better than the original one it was still a bit too clumsy.
